Tools to Optimize Sleep
Chapter 2
Momentous Supplements
Chapter 3
InsideTracker, Eight Sleep, LMNT
Chapter 4
Factors to Control Circadian Rhythm & Sleep
Chapter 5
Morning Tool: Morning Sunlight Viewing, Cortisol
Chapter 6
Morning Sunlight: Circadian Rhythm, Artificial Lights, Cloudy Days
Chapter 7
Evaluating Light in Environment, Compensating for Missed Morning Light
Chapter 8
AG1 (Athletic Greens)
Chapter 9
Morning Tools: Temperature & Deliberate Cold Exposure, Exercise
Chapter 10
Timing Caffeine, “Afternoon Crash,” Exercise
Chapter 11
Timing Eating, Alertness & Circadian Rhythm
Chapter 12
3 Daily Critical Periods
Chapter 13
Afternoons: Naps, Deep Relaxation (NSDR, Self-Hypnosis), Exercise & Body Temperature, Caffeine
Chapter 14
Afternoon Tools: Viewing Sunlight in Late Afternoon, Evening Light
Chapter 15
Evening/Night Tools: Overhead Artificial Lights, Light Sensitivity
Chapter 16
Evening Tools: Hot Bath/Sauna, Temperature & Sleeping Environment
Chapter 17
Alcohol, THC & Reduced Sleep Quality; CBD, Anxiety & Falling Asleep
Chapter 18
Sleep Supplements: Magnesium Threonate, Apigenin & Theanine
Chapter 19
Melatonin Supplementation (Caution)
Chapter 20
Additional Sleep Supplements: GABA, Glycine, Myo-Inositol & Anxiety
Chapter 21
Falling Back Asleep: Reveri App, NSDR, Yoga Nidra
Chapter 22
Staying Asleep: Eye Masks, Ear Plugs, Elevating Feet
Chapter 23
Sleep Schedule Consistency, Weekends, Compensatory Sleep & Caffeine
Chapter 24
Tools: Temperature Minimum & Jet Lag, Shift Work & Red Lights
Chapter 25
Behavioral Tools for 3 Daily Critical Periods
Chapter 26
Zero-Cost Support, YouTube Feedback, Huberman Lab Clips, Spotify & Apple Reviews, Sponsors, Momentous Supplements, Instagram, Twitter, Neural Network Newsletter